well.

a long time ago .

there was a little. 

it didn't show this but.

anyway he he said about the little workman.

and and he was always xxx.

and and one day she xxx the xxx and they wrecked the the mother who was the big xxx.

she was really ugly and .

and anyway they were reading the story to the two stepsitter and Cinderella. 

and see all they were real xxx.

so they sent they how would how would they xxx it.

and the little girl, I mean Cinderella had a xxx that she could sit and and she the little mice.

and they got to get her.

and the the mice and the something xxx the xxx.

and they good bad. 

meanwhile at at the worse and they were xxx and they says xxx.

everybody's coming and .

and so window look at the window oh because xxx she didn't go.

and so eventually they the her her sisters and I assume mean xxx they all went to horses. 

and and and she was at home .

this is xxx.

and so and so she was crying and and . 

meanwhile the party is going on big.

and why and back back ball and xxx.

she makes her grand grand entrance the xxx.

and she helps and she had had take the present who that the the xxx.

and they all had made with the mate.

and the the the godmother so they xxx.

and she and gets her to where and and and say alright go.

oh and she was going to a xxx and she xxx and to our xxx.

and and the so the carriage is xxx sit in the carriage and what's xxx.

oh the the horses were horses not not the barn xxx.

and anyway they xxx to the xxx and .

then they played and danced and a wonderful time.

and and the the xxx and little poor xxx.

and she xxx and they had a wonderful time and then oh it's xxx time.

and she says I've got to go and they run out the door. 

and her her xxx.

and but they they she left the ball xxx and xxx her xxx.
 
and then the the next day she she was at she hears that the prince, princess, I mean 
	princess, or prince or whatever.

and she she runs over and she's oh thank you.

isn't this xxx.

anyway to make a xxx story.

the xxx comes over to the stepsisters.
 
and and she and the xxx and she xxx got her feet and it fit and to xxx.

they went xxx and everybody happy to xxx forever.