okay .



and and she's got she's she's, she beginning about about her her father has been married by a witch but but not a witch. 

and she she has other two kids, two other girl, other daughters that she had before.

and they living in, live in each other, living, to live each other .

and the the stepmother is, does not like her stepdaughter.

and she she is making life tough. 

and, but still the the stepmother is is, likes them a lot better and does not like Cinderella Cinderella.

and the and this this life is life is just being tough. 

so do all the work and about work with the out, in the house.
and the one day that had a a ball so that they, so that the son, the son of the, of the, no the prince, prince needs a wife.

and so they had this ball, this dog, this ball. 

and they get all these girls so that they can find out who, find a find a husband for the prince, prince. 

the prince they had this, they they start this, they wanna go to the ball.

but the the stepmother doesn't want to go because she knows that that Cinderella would be would be better, be be pretty.

so what they did they tried to get a pall, tried to get the ball with the witch witch. 

and let try, let's try to keep that, keep Cinderella Cinderella try to get Cinderella.

and Cinderella wants to go.

but Cinderella can't because she doesn't have a doesn't have a dress. 

that's not, they try to make a dress.

and it's pretty nice.

but they, it's torn by the witch's daughters.

and they, the mice are not very, they're not they're not helping too much a little bit. 
and then the take so they they, xxx they figure out she can go because her dress is torn.

that's what the other little witch's daughters was going to the ball without Cinderella.

Cinderella finally she gets a, she beats a a whatever she is.

she's a fairy fairy fairy god something, mother, godmother.

and she wish.

and and I can't remember what had happened.

anyway she wished in some kind of way.

and but she can only get back, she can get, she can go go to the ball.

and the mice and all that can go because they become these these horses and they carriage carriage.

and Cinderella can can can ride can ride on that .

but she's she's not, she was really not, she's really not, she's really a pumprin, pumplin, pumpkin, pumpkin and some mice.

but they're, they waved a wand and became the carriage, carriage that's really nice.

and so Cinderella has that new dress because of the wand.
and so she gets to go to the ball.

and has a, she's got pretty dress with glass slippers slippers and and slippers.

and they they they have the dance, the ball.

have a good time.

and Cinderella so she's really pretty, so the dude, the the prince says I think that's the one I'd like to marry.

and so, but but she had to leave she had to leave by twelve minutes, midnight, midnight. 

and so she had, she, when she realized she had to get out of there because she would turn back into a, her bad dress and impress the . 

because the grant for the carriage is gonna turn into a pumpkin and the mice.

and so they run off outside.

and the the, Cindy runs down, runs off but loses her slipper, glass slipper.

so but she didn't have time to to do anything.

so she just goes on.

and the prince, shrince, prince he doesn't know what had happened.

because she she left.

but all he had was was the glass glass slippers. 

how'd those things get out of the slippers.

how'd they turn it off if they stay in the slipper. 

the slipper was glass.

after after they go to the how did it stay to the.

how did they, how did the slipper stay because everything else left because of the.

but anyway that's just another thing.

so anyway they don't know what to do they they slipper I mean Cinderella left.

and the prince doesn't know what to do.

and, but he didn't want anybody else so that after the prince, after the ball they had been looking all over the place to find the glass glass slipper. 

so you know that, so the other, the power people, not the power people but the prince people, prince, underneath the prince people that help work for the glass slippers slippers and the slipper.

and they decided the only way they can find out was the girl where they can find her, find the glass slipper that fits Cinderella.

and they, so they have been looking all over the world.

and they can't find any, they can't find anywhere that this this glass slipper works.

they finally went to the witch's house and said that she knew that what that glass wouldn't work.

but they wouldn't let the mean woman get xxx  get to in the house, get underneath them, get inside inside Cinder's house was not inside away from anybody that he.

wait a minute the the door was locked of under, I mean before, over in double.

see was, she was locked out, she was locked in.

Cinderella was locked in to go find out that shoe.

so finally they found out that the mice, mice found out got the help got the the key to the door to get in. 

so they can see if that was Cinderella, Cinderella and make sure when and see if that thing fits.

and took a while to get that.

had to get away because of that witch woman.

but finally they found finally they found Cinderella Cindy's foot found her slipper. 

in the, was the traveler, traveled, traved traved tried over it, tried on it.

and there she is with her glass slipper. 

and they get married. 

and everything is good.

and everything but my talking.