alright. 

this man he married a woman.

and she brought her, he brought his kid with him. 

and then to watch the other kids. 

the, the old woman had the kids too.

and what it is they're are mean people mean people.

and and so now is a man daughter.

he takes a bray little girl.

and the woman her kids brought to see .

and then they're was real mean to her real mean to her. 

and and then made her do a hook on the floor floor and everything.

and to clean up stuff.

and then she was just real mean.

and then all of the sudden she, she's told she could got out to a not a not a prom but to like a ball, a ball.

and, but she wanted to go.

the other ones are going. 

but but then she said well you cant pray, you can't go there you can't do that.
and so she said well you can't, you can't play in here or work.

you can't go to the ball.

you can't do that.

you you just stay in here cook and everything.

and you do everything there.

and and then so she she stuck working working. 

and and the mean people xxx to the ball.

and they did and, they told them they were gonna go.

and they were having all lights and everything. 

and them all the people helped him, helped her get in the dress and everything.  

that's what it was.

she could get in there.

she she could go in the ball.

but but so she makes her pretty dress and everything.

and and then the sudden one of the woman, fair fairygodmother really sweet woman xxx coming there. 

and she helped them fix there lights.

and she could make a place or she could just ride the base.

she could do everything. 

and so she can go.

so she rode he, she there made a pumpkin.

so they in there.

and the the boy is nice .

they blowed asleep, a street. 

and so all the sudden then they went out there.

and she rode the, she rode around with the woman real, that, this really handsom man handsom.

he was handsom he was handsom.

and she was right here and riding and everything.

and all the sudden she says I got to be out here at twelve o'clock. 

so she wait.

I gotta leave I gotta leave.

and and she ran out she the woman was following her, the prince was following her.

but she, all she dropped her her feases fease, slippers.

and she take it, take that.

and then all of the sudden she went all over the city.

see who wear those peets, slippers. 
 
and finally they called her.

and they found that she had a fancy boat, shoes.

and she wore the pants xxx.

she's the was, she xxx with the princess.
 
and now he can, she can, she's there she xxx him and everything.

and she married him.

that's about all know.