so Cinderella’s dad got remarried after her mother passed away.
and he married this awful woman.
and then he died oh.
and so Cinderella was there to live with her and her awful sisters.
but Cinderella was a very happy child.
and so they picked at her they teased her. 
and they made her clean. 
and that’s all she ever did when they were around. 
but she was always very happy. 
and all of the animals just loved her. 
and so one day she heard them talking about going to this ball. 
and she wanted to go.
but she didn’t have anything to wear.
so the animals got together.
and they got all the yarn.
and they made her a dress.
and she she helped to make the dress for herself.
but they they added a little a little here and there.
and the dress was beautiful which surprised her stepsisters.
because they said she could go if she you know had a dress but they never thought she would get a dress.
so she shows them the dress that she made.
they teased and tore the dress to pieces while it was on her body.
she was sad.
she cried.
she went back to her room.
and so then the day of the ball came.
they went to the ball.
and she was left .
but a fairy godmother showed up. 
and she was like don’t you cry.
were going to get you to this ball.
and so she took them, she she put this beautiful gown on her.
you know saying waved her magic wand.
and said a few magic words.
and she had this beautiful white gown on.
and then she took these pumpkins.
and she rolled with them with the wand.
and turned it into a beautiful coach.
and then she took some of the mice.
and then she you know waved the magic wand and turned them into coachmen.
and so Cinderella was off to the ball.
and at some point she was in this this crowd of people.
cause the, well before that the prince’s dad was having a fit that his son needed to get married.
and so he he had to find a wife. 
but you know the prince wasn’t all that concerned.
and so then the prince walks out.
and then as he looks out in the crowd he sees Cinderella.
and he comes down asks her for a dance.
they dance.
he falls in love.
and then all of a sudden the clock strikes twelve.
and she races out.
and he’s like where are you going.
and she just left him.
so, and she left one glass slipper behind.
and then after that the dad, or no the prince goes around and looks for her
and he has the glass slipper.
no one wants, her sisters don’t want her to find because they think it should be theirs.
but in the end he ends up, she ends up slipping her foot into the slipper.
and he realizes that its hers.
and then she turns back into that beautiful woman that she was that night he met her.
and then they got married.
and they lived happily ever after.