well starting from the very first picture.

she was brought to this house where her old stepmother and her her two daughters, spoiled daughters were taken, take her in. 
but she was treated like from the get go as lesser person and ordered to take care of them and make them all happy and take care of all the house keeping.
almost subservient very subservient to the, to them.
even her living quarters were pretty sparse where everybody else the two girls and the old stepmother lived like they tried to think they were better than everybody else.
well as the young girl was growing up, she started learning about the what the rest of the world was like.
and they saw storybooks and looking outside her window at, in the distance where she see this beautiful castle in the distance and it made her really imagine what another world would be like.
this perhaps what she she's in now.
well subsequently a decree came out from the kingdom that they're gonna that the prince needs to find a girlfriend at least.
cause he wasn't having too much luck inside the castle as a guy. 
so and his his father and grandfather were all like sit this boy out and he get him get him become a man cause he's still a boy you know.
so as two young innocent almost teenagers like they were just by pure luck and consequence they met at the ball.
but the way they met she would've never made it to the ball without the help of a fairy godmother who met her.
and I forget how that happen stance happened.
but she, I think she was pretty sad to find out that her older stepmother and other sisters were getting ready to go the the ball.
and she was specifically not invited and never would have had a chance.
so very she was very sad to say the least.
and that one night the fairy godmother appeared to her and said well I'm giving you a chance.
you have to be home by midnight when clock strikes twelve. 
the full moon comes out and the clock strikes twelve.
otherwise you're gonna revert back to Cinderella.
and people will see you where you really are.
but until then you're gonna become a princess.
fairy grodmother'godmother's gonna give them a shiny pink chariot, or the carriage.
and make her feel like she's a real princess with these glass slippers.
so when she arrives at the vall, ball she was the best looking girl in the whole place.
I bet you were too.
very young.
yeah yeah.
but anyway. 
so when naturally the the young prince got immediately attracted to her on the drance, dancefloor and they hit it right off.
and it was like true love at first sight.
but she realized the time and had to rush off against him a young guy wanted her to stay wanted never wanted a girl to leave him.
but she had to go.
but on her way running out the door she dropped one of her slippers.
and then she got back to the carriage and then poof midnight the carriage turned into a pumpkin or something like that.
and reverted back to it's the old what it was before it was a carriage a pumpkin or something like that.
and, but she made it away from the prince and then he never saw what happened to her.
all that he had left trace of her was this one glass slipper.
so time went on and and little time went by and prince convinced the king and make a decree let's find who this girl is cause she disappeared she's like a missing person and the prince really wants her.
make her his wife.
that's a big deal back then .
still is really.
but they go ahead and they go house to house in the kingdom until they find the the old pins, spinster stepmother and her two spoiled daughters to try this slipper on and every foot in the kingdom until they find the perfect fit.
well after trying the big fat feet of all the other sisters, the two sisters they're about ready to walk out when when the guy from the castle the.
he says shall we try it on the servant on your servant lady girl. 
and the picture didn't show what disney's supposed to show but did in the cartoon but all the pictures are shown how aghast and how shocked the three sisters and the step mother were when this glass slipper fit her Cinderella perfectly. 
so now I'll go right to the end.
and she was brought back to the castle and the prince and her and the king's carriage getting married and going off happily after ever after.