and she she lived with her her chepmother or maybe that's xxx chepmother. 

and and the the other girls were called I call them depdaughters. 

we sometimes it doing the the tours she she has a lot of stuff she has to do a lot of lot of chores and things. 

the and it was and the the other things of daughters are always mean to her. 

and she goes well forget mere I mas. 

she was always looking out at the things. 

and she se shaw the castle where the thing was. 

and they and oh they got stepmother got a imitation to a party, or a dance, or something like that. 

and she didn't invite Cinderella because she felt like she didn't have the clothes to wear . 

and but in the meantime the the she was always talking with the mouses xxx. 

and they they they said they would try to fix her up a dress she got the thing and but . 

but somehow the fairy godmother came know how that that came about. 

but she shaid that she would provide the bress and that it was a beautiful dress . 

and they task rotation was the it was a fancy carriage or xxx . 

she she said that no body else xxx can say past twelve o'clock. 

it all goes back to the thing was. 

and so she was went to the ball. 

and she was having a good time with the the prince fellow. 

and he looked he the . 

the time that it became twelve o'clock. 

and so she rushed out of the castle and tripped or something and left her shoe there. 

and and she got to the carriage. 

and it turned into I forgot what it was have it was a pumpkin that's what it was. 

and the anyway it got got back to house and the the the . 

anyway they, she got back to the house. 

and they the the carriage it turned into a to to a pumpkin. 

so and then the starred lay the prince found the xxx found the other slipper . 

and so he took reeve to . 

and , he took it to xxx. 

the shoe was to tame it. 

anyway he was I guess it was his or servant or something . 

and she would, she would let the the girls xxx. 

she the the stepmother said let all the all the other girls try try on the shoes. 

and and course it never it never fit. 

and they they want said was anybody else here that could try on the shoe. 

and she she said well let's Cinderella. 

and she she came she she tried it on. 

and it fit perfectly . 

so when the she told the prince, they told the prince about it. 

and they, he came to to her. 

and they , lived happily ever after.