and his father he loved his daughter.
 and, but he got married. 
and there were two very terrible ugly sisters. 
and and the stepmother was very angry at Cinderella. 
so she would always do all the chores. 
and but the two daughters, stepsisters they could, they you know, they enjoy what their mother.
her stepmother was a very angry, a mean person. 
and so anyway they had a, it was a ball from all over the land. 
and so they all had a a note.
but it's not a note.
it would be like a announcement. 
and so everyone could go to this, to the castle. 
and so so the the the stepsisters they were gonna have beautiful gowns for both of them. 
but Cinderella thought that she wanted to have a dress also. 
but that, the stepmother said no you can't go. 
you need to take care of the laundry and all the the broom all of that. 
and so then so there was fairy fairy grandmother, no fairy fairy mother fairy mother. 
and so she said well I shouldn't you know. 
I don't have the clothes you know because I, I can't do that you know.
because it's, I don't have a nice gown. 
and so so the the fairy fairy fairy mother she said, she went, she had a wand. 
and she went like that.
and then, and it was beautiful you know. 
but then she well how am I gonna go and have a carriage. 
and they didn't have anything. 
there were mice. 
so the mice were you know, were gonna be like part of the the men that help you know driving the the the carriage. 
and the carriage was really a pumpkin. 
and so the mouse then became people. 
and there was a horse. 
and this was all you know, they were part of the the farm you know part of that farm area. 
and so all of a sudden the fairy mother said, she used her wand and went .
and then everything was beautiful you know. 
she could get in the carriage. 
and she had this beautiful dress and had it would be glass slippers. 
and so they get to the ball. 
and nobody knew who she was. 
and they wondered you know.
here's the stepsisters and the stepmother. 
and they're like they wanted to they wanted to be married.
one of the the daughters wanted to be the prince.
and, but the girls were ugly you know.
but there were a lot of girls there. 
they were very you know, some pretty girls too. 
but when Cinderella got there and she came down the, I can almost think of her coming down the the the stairs. 
but it's a it's a nice stair coming down. 
and then anyway she danced.
she was beautiful. 
and everybody wondered. 
who is this woman you know. 
and she's so beautiful. 
and so the prince wanted to dance a lot. 
and he wanted to just be with her. 
and then at twelve o'clock exactly or almost it started ringing. 
and then Cinderella realized that it's almost twelve. 
and so she's trying to get back to the pumpkin which is really still a carriage. 
and when she was coming down the steps .
and the the prince said don't go. 
you know tell me what's, you know tell me who you are. 
and she was so fast. 
and she one of her shoes fell. 
and so she left. 
and I mean it it was time. 
it was twelveohone.
and so so here is Cinderella. 
she looked like she use, you know just she looked so sad and this , no more beautiful dress no nothing. 
and so well then after that there was a there was a this, the prince wanted to find out where the slipper that was one left. 
trying to figure out where is it you know. 
who is that person.
and so there had to be.
that a they they have the same size.
that she would have the same size shoes the so anyway.
so all of the land they wanted to check all of the girls. 
they wanted to check to see if they could ha, if that had that whole same shoe.
not same but that, just like her.
and they tried. 
they were so big. 
all these people big they couldn't even get in their their shoes none of that. 
but Cinderella the bad stepmother put her in the attic. 
and because she didn't want to know that, you know because that doesn't mean that.
maybe she didn't know that you know she wasn't at the thing. 
and so one of the little mice came. 
and they brought a a key underneath the floor.
and then that happened.
and she came downstairs. 
and here's the other sisters. 
and they tried and tried and tried.
and it just wasn't gonna work. 
but here comes Cinderella. 
and all of a sudden she took her foot.
and she tried it. 
and it was perfect. 
and he realized that she was Cinderella. 
and then they got married.