a man lost his wife and married another woman.

the father died.
the stepmother changed her attitude. 
and Cinderella started helping the two stepsisters and stepmother with everything they did.
she did everything and .
a, she took, she she had lots of duties internally for messagers.
she had to do lots of things just because of the, she was always tired.
she she, the meanwhile the prince has a father whose astounded about his way and won't get any girlfriends.
and he decides to capture one glass glass slipper is the method of his taking.
and then two the, there's a long sequence of how the two stepsisters and mother get ready for the ball.
and the they stepmother locks Cinderella in her dungeon.
and then the stepmother and two sisters try and break the break the ice, or fit the shoe.
and they had, they were they were they were good at at getting the shoe on into the ball.
Cinderella gets, her fairy godmother gets her her dress and her her eating horses and wagon, not wagon . 
I don't know I don't know what the word is.
anyway they go to the ball.
the dance is the, the ball is is hands, is pants, or enhanced with everybody he advances, or he likes the the girl so much that he dominates all of them including Cinderella.
and she wants to go away.
and she starts to run out of the ball.
and she runs her her she goes to leave the ball at noon to, or midnight.
and she she was unable to to tell him how she or anything about how she was.
and she lost her shoe.
the the king's hitchman came around showing all the girls that were at the ball whether they had their, the, they they their toe, had their had their, they hadn't their foot wouldn't fit.
that's it .
both step sisters thought it was and it wasn't.
and they were I guess confused.
they think that all they had gotten. 
and the mice run out the dungeon and released scarlette, Cinderella.
and she runs down and her foot fit the shoe.
and she's happily there, happy, happily married there after.
I guess it was all the I I got the the the only thing I didn't get was the the shoe, I mean not the glass the bad cat.